I would like to say no, because I was inquadrati in an esercito britannico in a way that they were in charge, because they had a lot of commensals, so they didn't want to dispense that they couldn't do it.
When they asked the general Frieser, they asked the second argument,
So it was really, he said that the New Zealander, the General from New Zealand was really the person that ordered the family.
In the first time in February, they were in the mountains to cross the mountain, there was a small fiume, an affluente fiume galiliano, and at the first night, some of the centenari of the country of Texas.
There was a lot of deaths in the first half of February in front of the Allied troops.
and I have to tell you that we have a region of Italy, in the morning of the club in the South America, there is a photograph of a terrible photograph, there is a pazzia, and all the finestre with the swastika tedeschi, because in the old monastery there is no one.
Ah, they did a photo.
They did a photo.
No, they did a photo.
Yeah, like they had swastikas on it, but it was fake, the Americans, you know, to justify the bombing, to say that there were Germans in here.
Swastika.
Oh, it wasn't a photograph, it was a person.
Oh, they wanted it to stop again?
I don't know.
Yeah, but I don't think that...
No, no, no, it was like a drawing.
A cartoon?
Yeah, a cartoon.
Well, propaganda di guerra.
They took 12, the Germans did evacuate all the 300 of the 1500.
What did they help?
Ah, so the remaining ones, the route was no longer safe to take away them.
So they could try to take them out.
And also the room is there.
This was the manuscript that they took to the opening of the paper.
It's quite nice.
It's a 10th century memory.
That's the 10th century range.
All right.
From Belgium, bombing, that kind of thing.
Oh, the twenty-one, the twenty-one, the twenty-one, the twenty-one books.
And this, for example, ends in the 11th, begins in the 12th, and the 12th.
... ... ... ... ...
The meaning is to nourish.
Yes, thinking of all the animals, the land, I know.
This is where the theater was created, the theater, the theater, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art, the art,
This is what?
This is a... That is very important.
Can I get a picture of you, Father?
Like this?
Actually, if I could just shoot long like this, too.
And maybe those books, too, Lucy.
I just want to shoot long, that way I can get that portrait in the background, too.
Maybe your bag, do you mind?
This is such a terrific picture.
There he is.
That's excellent.
Thank you.
That's the rule?
That's the rule of Benedict?
So this is...
So this book here is a thousand years old?
Yes.
That's pretty exciting, isn't it?
I like this one.
All right, let's see.
And the way I should wash it, I'll just push that one.
That was pretty exciting, a 10th century copy of the rule.
... ... ... ... ...
That's what you said.
Oh, this is exciting.
1023, down here.
How much?
So between 40,000 and 50,000 Americans have got six, 10 million dollars.
It's a chorus.
That's which is the oldest?
The oldest message they have.
So that's...
What was the time here?
The age of the three, so clear.
So these are the thoughts of Saint Isidore, who are the Spanish Saint.
Oh, look at that, that's the last one.
So, ask me if they were produced here, in Maticusia.
Yeah, they go.
This is the case.
This is the base of the myth of the 11th century.
Now, you see the selection of the Ethics with the concept of this.
In the rule, there is the original myth of the 11th century.
This is the fact that the myth is the myth of the 11th century.
So this is where the dedication page shows the Athens giving this manuscript to St.
Benedict.
So that's how they traditionally did the dedication pages, the abbot offering the books to St.
I'll get a picture of that.
This is the book of the writing of the St.
Gregory the Great, 11th century.
This is an 8th century manuscript, late 8th?
Yes, and it's the thoughts of St.
Isidore, who was a Spanish saint.
8th century.
8th century, 9th century.
Done here, done here too.
It's been here for, not only is it that old, it's here.
It's where it was done.
And that's a presentation book.
This is what we expect a few years from the 10th century.
Well, yes, because Salerno, which is not far from the first pharmaceutical and medical school in Europe or in the Netherlands.
Yes.
They had books about medicine so they could take care of the children.
Yeah, they had to take care of the domestic care in pilgrimage.
Galen, right?
Galen, yes.
He was the first.
You can stand by.
I was born in New York.
My mother had a brownstone.
Morgan Library.
He went to the Morgan Library.
These numbers are all... Oh, this went to the Morgan Library?
No, no.
He went.
But when he went back to get the three manuscripts from the Byzantine exhibition, he went to visit the modern library.
Ask me, these numbers, if I go to the catalog, they will identify all of these books.
If I go to the catalog, 127 will identify this book.
Yes.
Like 127.
He's writing down the name of the catalog.
Oh, good.
Yes, excellent.
I can get that in Boston.
Mm-hmm.
See, I'm just taking that one.
Oh, what, what they actually need.
Oh, the titles.
I'm just trusting my notes.
All I need is, um, that's Cassini Codex 127.
Mm-hmm.
And the catalog is 127.
This was a very important catalog, Iguanez was a maltese, he described it, he described it, he described it, he described it, he described it, he described it, he described it, he described it, he described it, he described it, he described it, he described it, he described it, he described it, he described it, he described it, he described it, he described it, he described it,
That's gorgeous.
That's number four.
And what's the good thing?
And what is the big century on it?
Eleven.
Eleven century kind.
A thousand years old.
I love this room.
Look at the big farm out here, huh?
This is exquisite.
All done.
All done here.
This, I cannot believe, is a thousand years old.
Look at how brilliant.
They may not come up with a shot.
Thank you.
One, two, three.
This one is unbelievable too.
But he's really...
I'm obsessed with it.
Oh, the Germans were encamped over there.
That's where the sense of that.
It's pretty close.
Can you have a left hand?
Over there.
Do you think that is Rubble from the bombing over there?
Oh, yes.
That's definitely a bomb damage.
Look at the little tiny church down there.
You can get a sense of a scale.
You see the little church on the side of the hill?
Oh, yes, yes, yes.
Oh, yes.
Yes, yes, yes.
All right.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Ah, the middle one.
Let me just put those tools there.
Oh, yeah.
Thank you.
Your husband's baked, by the way.
A lot of fun.
Yeah, he's gotten a lot more of that.
He didn't have to work for him.
He worked for the Food and Agricultural Organization of the UN.
The UN?
Yeah.
Yes.
Okay.
No, no, we met on an airplane.
Oh, you're kidding.
Oh, yeah, we met.
That's rather fun, Helen.
Wouldn't you know that this super map breaks just as where we need to know where to go.
It always happens.
Did you know?
No.
No, we were both engaged to different people.
Oh, you're kidding.
Sort of, yeah, yeah.
I was engaged, sort of engaged to a young man who had just graduated from Princeton, but he was drafted into the Army, and then he became from Florida.
His father lived in New York, and his mother lived in Jacksonville.
His father was horrible in New York.
a horrible New York lawyer.
His mother was a really nice woman who was married to a prosecutor from Florida.
He was a very nice man.
She had two other children by, I think she was only married to Jeffrey's father, about five years old.
This is very annoying, I have to say, and I can't start here for something.
I was going from Torino to where my governess... I had gone to visit my governess.
Did you see her?
Oh yeah, we were devoted to her.
We went... No, she was born in 1892.
Wow.
We were the last family she looked past.
Daddy, I'm afraid to tell you that this map breaks into another map just where we need to know how to get there.
You have to look towards Latina.
What are those little boots?
Are those apricots?
Nick wants to know.
What are they?
Montessant Viaggio, Triverno, Peste.
It's kind of a back road.
Or we could look for Ceremonette.
It will take... No, no, when he gets interested.
He loves to drive, so for him it's no sacrifice to drive.
That's how my mother became very fond of him, because the first time or the second time you met her, we went looking for one of Hajo Gratulini's friends in a church where we finally found the tombstone in the basement of, you know, in some kind of tunnel.
Did you work with your mother?
Yeah, I spent my junior year in Rome.
You were working with your mother?
No, no, my mother came for my spring vacation, and we went.
to Turkey, actually.
That was a really wonderful trip, because we went, my mother had letters to, also there was a professor at Bryn Mawr of Turkish, but she was actually Dutch, but she taught Turkish, and so mommy had letters to,
museum directors, and then, of course, we didn't speak Turkish, so in Ankara, in Ankara, we had a university student who took us to everywhere, very nice young man, and then we, mommy and daddy had gone to graduate school with
the man who was in charge of Sardis, which is very near here, where your grandmother, just that area of Turkey.
And he was a German-Jewish refugee.
And Hattie was a very nice man.
Like, his name was something like Hattie.
And we went to Sardis.
We went to Istanbul and met for four days, five days, and then we flew to Ankara.
And then we went, flew to Izmir, which was Smyrna.
And in Smyrna, we didn't sleep in Smyrna.
But that's very, there are lots of archeological, near, I don't remember where we left, actually, when we went there.
And then we went back to Istanbul and we spent another three days ago.
And we went back to Rome.
It was like a few 12 days to leave somewhere.
It was wonderful.
Except that my mother, I kept teasing my mother who was terrified of flying.
There'd be like a three line, you know how in the New York Times there are these things that they
four Americans found dead in the Costco jungle.
I kept saying they were going to stay.
Three Americans, so we went there.
The year I was in Rome, I had a very good friend whose father was a professor at Harvard of art history and also going to graduate school with my parents.
So, Sarah came with us to a circus.
And so the three of us, my mother finally got really annoyed at us, and said, don't worry about it.
These planes are made in Holland, and they will not crash.
And because she had said, my father was a book about Joseph Conrad.
Just a conrad?
Yes.
Which none of the four of us left.
None of us caught the conrad fever.
My parents didn't go on a honeymoon.
They went to Indonesia to look
for the characters in Elmos Valley, who were real people.
And so they went on a boat, and they flew home.
But the plane was a DC-3, so it didn't fly in bad weather, and it didn't fly at night.
And so they went up at dawn,
came down for 11 minutes and lunch.
And my aunt is still very... His name is Lucy also.
She went with him.
And she was 10 years younger than my father and worshipped him because my grandfather
with a real estate agent in 1979.
Well, he lost everything.
And so my father, they... Well, then don't worry.
That is nice.
Okay, then you want to go?
Then you go.
When we are here, we have to turn up to 80 kilometers.
Here, the Borgo Vodice.
We turn... But it's much too... Why do we have to go all the way there, to the coast?
The only way is Spanish, we go to Vienna.
I love maps.
Oh, I hate maps.
What's Latina?
Is that Rome?
No, it's not Rome.
Latina is a separate city, right?
Oh, yeah.
And you're looking at Fossa Nova.
No, we are looking for Fossa Nova.
Here.
And we are here.
We are here.
So where do we have to go?
Terracina.
I'll go.
I'll go if you do.
Off to Terracina.
We're going left.
So I'm looking for Terracina then?
Right.
All right.
Terracina is quite nice.
Well.
It's pretty far.
What time is it?
3.30.
Well, is it dark by the time we get to this place?
Yes.
Why do we want to go there and park?
It's really good.
We need to go back to Rome, we can go somewhere else.
Somewhere else.
That they haven't seen it going.
It's much more intelligent, yeah.
Rather than looking up an open door.
Okay, Martin.
We're going, and we're going to go... What month?
Can you get back on that house runner?
Everywhere.
So, this is very... Oh, the figure.
I thought, no wonder how we saw all those keys.
Oh, I think it was... Oh, yes.
Everywhere, they go down everywhere.
I've never been to La Scala.
The only time my parents ever flew on a plane together was after we were born in New York.
We were all together, except for my old sister and my parents were both in the most beautiful sight that I ever had before.
And they were both almost worried that they would affect particularly my mother.
So when we left my child, I'll be behind me.
It's really funny because we marked Maya London because there were no questions about life.
And we were so upset that there was a convention of rabbis, of Orthodox rabbis, and they thought somebody had died in the family of the church.
My youngest and I were like weeping all the way from Geneva to London.
They finally asked me if there was some religious counseling that they could give us.
I thought it was so annoying because she didn't get hangover.
Yes, she was certainly able to see me in years, years, years.
Well, there's a bunch of kids, you know.
I'm amazed at all of them today.
If you have a contractual deadline, you'll see.
If the editor is happy, it doesn't work.
Yeah, I hope to get it.
I'm so worried.
The last book I tried to chronologically do, but I get it all over the place.
It's almost like a 6-4-8-9-10, and I can tell you, 5-4-3-2-1, which is the way I saw it, but I didn't get the first shot in the lab.
It's getting a very different direction, but I can see it.
It's not that I wanted to use, but it's going to be different.
It's not going to be episodic.
I really feel ready to start writing now.
I feel like I've got it.
I have a lot of work to do that.
We will be working together at least weekly stuff.
I think that we can explain children's books at once in one story.
And we keep children's books at once in one story.
And it's hard.
It's a situation that comes to the same thing.
We have two newspapers that only take a full.
We have Orlando, Florida, and San Antonio, Texas.
And we have a great circulation.
We have a great market here.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
I don't know.
So we can do it very systematically.
I have to say very effectively.
We don't want to get a lot.
Very hard.
I grew up my computer.
I get a book called The Editor of Public Affairs, so I have a film.
So what I did is I formulated a strategy book that focuses on the city that I do currently
I think it is .
And then I also got the .
And this is the highest .
Well, and I don't know.
There isn't.
Eugene, Oregon, .
And we're in .
I've been on this last three years.
And I was writing the column because I always had the newspaper to open it.
So when I left the paper, I kept the column.
It made me write the article.
So it was so good I didn't know.
I was a book editor.
So I had a book editor.
So my job is my job, and, um, and, uh, .
.
Oh, well, I think we don't mind the action.
Thank you.
I don't know.
Outside this time, there were a lot of people who were kind of afraid about these tropes, but outside this time, and now about this time, and now about this time, and now about this time, and I think it's a great thing about this, about this time,
I always think that about, you know, we're always here at the start of the night.
So we're going to have to go back to the start of the business plan.
It's something like this.
And it's a thing that kind of looks at me, being troubled by exactly what it is.
Because, I won't tell you the story, but it's also by the contamination of, by the kind of law that has happened to me.
And I think it's important.
And so she turned out
So there's a lot.
There's a perfect look for a lot of people.
About that, it was a very good time.
I think we're just ahead of you for us.
So that's a good time.
And I don't remember if she was the father of the daughter.
But anyway, it was still a sort of thing where she was.
Woo!
... ... ... ... ...
I do a lot of research about where the place to go to the kitchen.
There are a lot of chunks of other, I think, but never a whole other problem.
It's both a short story that it was.
Thank you.
So he was devastated in the Middle East.
He loved one night.
And that's because of the letter from the back of the hall, and his husband's husband.
And he said he could do things like that.
But I wanted to grant him the letter, and I wanted to grant him the letter, and I wanted to grant him the letter, and I wanted to grant him the letter, and I wanted to grant him the letter, and I wanted to grant him the letter, and I wanted to grant him the letter, and I wanted to grant him the letter, and I wanted to grant him the letter, and I wanted to grant him the letter, and I wanted to grant him the letter, and I wanted to grant him the letter, and I wanted to grant him the letter, and I wanted to grant him the letter, and I wanted to grant him the letter, and I wanted to grant him the letter, and I wanted to grant him the letter, and I wanted to grant him the letter, and I wanted to grant him the letter, and I wanted to grant him the letter,
the United States of America, but it was a very, you know, it was an introduction set up, so that this year was entirely lost.
And there's been a lot of extra information there.
It doesn't really matter what it made, I knew it was better.